hey everybody are you doing its junk out
here welcome to another episode of
cooking with junkyard why I felt like
making myself a quick snack I wanted
some chips and salsa but I went into the
cover and unfortunately we didn't have
any chips but we have some salsa but I
said I don't need to have store my chips
I have tortillas right here so I'm going
to go ahead and make some homemade
tortilla chips and some salsa and while
they're not homemade tortillas because
they're store-bought but it's quick and
easy cuz us gamers we like it that way
let's get started well the first thing
you got to do is warm up your oil now I
have a deep fryer here so I'm a little
bit spoiled in that regards but hey you
know it is what it is you can go ahead
and get one of these deep fryers over at
your local stores department stores are
wherever have you and hey I got mine for
Christmas it was a beautiful gift who
knows what you're going to get for
Christmas otherwise if you want to go
and make these you can also deep fry
these on the stove pretty much you we
want your oil to about 350 to 375
degrees and or you can just go ahead and
put a little bit of layer in the frying
pan and just flip them over that way but
this is a quick and easy method alright
so as you can see I have some tortillas
right here these are just good corn
tortillas this is white corn you get
yellow corn you your whatever corn you
want we're just going to go ahead and
literally just cut these up into chips
but am that's it this is going to be an
easy Caillou vajay guard all right let's
get these into the oil all right the
next step pretty egg basic we can just
got the tortilla chips now go ahead and
put them in the hot oil but be careful
don't drop them in too fast otherwise
we're going to go ahead and spider and
you punt ential you can go ahead and
burn yourself and pretty much you just
put it all in the oil you're set to go
those few that are lingering you may
want to go ahead and just give it a
little jab with a tongs here give it
about a minute get yourself some
homemade corn tortillas ok they're
pretty much done as you can see they're
nice and toasty good tortilla chips
let's go ahead and let that sit here for
a second drain the oil excess oil off
put it in a paper towel-lined plate go
from that all right there we go we've
got some tortillas here put a little bit
of salt on them add some cheese right on
top while they're still nice and hot
that way the cheese melts right into it
beautiful get ourselves some salsa grab
ourselves a chip with some nice fresh
melted cheese on there oh yeah you can't
go wrong with a good old quick gamer
snack fresh tortilla chips with a little
bit of cheese and some salsa you'll love
it have some fun with it this is
junkyard with another episode of cooking
with a junkyard needless to say
keep going
lena bena salsa during the tortillas
salsa dance you gotta love chips and
salsa well